Update link in map_widget.Rmd (#737)
rstudio/leaflet: docs/map_widget.Rmd

leaflet(options = leafletOptions(minZoom = 0, maxZoom = 18))
```

> The `leafletOptions()` can be passed any option described in the leaflet [reference document](http://leafletjs.com/reference-1.7.1.html#map-option). Using the `leafletOptions()`, you can set a custom [CRS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spatial_reference_system) and have your map displayed in a non spherical mercator projection as described in [projections](projections.html).

Reviewer: It should reference v1.3.4

```suggestion
The `leafletOptions()` can be passed any option described in the leaflet [reference document](http://leafletjs.com/reference-1.3.4.html#map-option). Using the `leafletOptions()`, you can set a custom [CRS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spatial_reference_system) and have your map displayed in a non spherical mercator projection as described in [projections](projections.html).
```
